father Tom you reach your 25th birthday
if you are pretty much the person you
want to be into the danger zone you will
make further changes but you're facing
personality constructs expect so we'll
restage chain let's save the parents in
order to save the children you're going
to end up losing a lot of children
because we be able to see the pair
because they're already stuck in the
link if I can get the child
the back and get the child undivided
attention I don't need a damn man i went
to a military residential and his
residential schools all across the
country all across the world and the
whole residence remodel is based on the
psychology a child develops go to be
difficult the train had shot up the way
you want them to be if they can't go
home to the parents who are not the way
you want to be if you gotta remember
especially in our community
carrots don't have a lot of control over
change so even if you get change
somebody pin if the change Silver's be
reflected in a child because the
children don't listen for take the
average 15 and 16 year old Sonny listen
to they can even if you got to the pan
then I going to get damn difference
because they don't listen soon appear
and a one can do business today Paris
welding accident educated so that ain't
necessary have a child that you in his
left I think we need to get those shoes
away from their parents in residential
settings and even if we didn't go
residential if you have the appropriate
instructor if you have the appropriate
instructors they will be able to win the
hearts and minds of those children so
strong that regardless of what the
parents a girl's name you will still
have those chosen undivided attention
and that's why the selection of
instructors it's crucial to the success
of your school when I feel the further
though the market Bar B Academy muscle
is only going to be a good at the people
teaching
no matter how pretty you look at no
matter who Mark Johnson is in trouble
meet again see my face and my fingers
all my instructors and so when I hire
them they will have to do sample lesson
to me i'm going to put them to an
evaluation process when it ask them I
want to make sure I got people who can
grab these children's imagination be the
key to education is imagination buddy
talk about them if you really want to
get that south of bike down into that
curriculum park is higher education is
the impossible fully out of the child
that god-given genius that's enemy oh
how you'll put nothing in white
education is about blowing up put this
in your teeth Christmas little on the
sound with America Helen Keller was
great George Washington was damn their
God dog but it's big but put again put
my foot up again we need to put nothing
in the king is in the damn child yes we
have to pull Virginia scholarship and
that's the difference between the
teachers and an educator I'm looking for
education I'm not looking for teachers